# Blockchain
An emulation of a Blockchain, including the miners and the users.
The blockchain is a generic blockchain that allows new records, such as currency transfers, to be created and allows miners to generate hashes for the blocks for a reward, such as money.

# Blockchain system
The blockchain allows users of the blockchain to add new records to the newest block. At the same time, miners will continuously attempt to generate hashes for the newest block. The miners successfully generate a hash when the block's hash criteria, which defines the number of zeroes required in the hash, has been met. When the block is mined with a valid hash, the miner gets a reward and the block is closed and secured. A new block is generated for new records to be created.

The users of the blockchain has their own asymetric key such that they can generate unqiue personal signatures for their records using their private key and allows others to validate the records using their public key. Miners themselves are also users as they can receive rewards for their mining efforts.

At the moment, only a virtual currency blockchain has been implemented, however any other type of blockchain can easily be created using this framework.

# Currency blockchain
Users can transfer currency to other users, however the blockchain prevents any invalid currency transfers (i.e. transfers that causes users to have negative currency amounts). A record of the currency transfer becomes permanent on the blockchain when a miner successfully generates a valid hash and secures the block.

# Future
At the moment, this blockchain system is local, hence the users and the miners are all locally generated. The records generated by the users are all randomly generated and the blockchain stops after 15 blocks. The blockchain data are all stored in memory, so any issues causing the application to shutdown will lose all the blockchain data.

In the future, this must:
- Move into a decentralised system where the users and miners are completely separate applications.
- Move the blocks in the blockchain into a secure persisted storage.
- Allow users to download the blockchain and upload blocks.
- Add tests to ensure the blockchain does not have any security issues.

